<h3><a href="https://codeforces.com/contest/1430/problem/A" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Number of Apartments</a></h3>

<div class="header"><div class="title">A. Number of Apartments</div><div class="time-limit"><div class="property-title">time limit per test</div>1 second</div><div class="memory-limit"><div class="property-title">memory limit per test</div>256 megabytes</div><div class="input-file input-standard"><div class="property-title">input</div>standard input</div><div class="output-file output-standard"><div class="property-title">output</div>standard output</div></div><div><p>Recently a new building with a new layout was constructed in Monocarp's hometown. According to this new layout, the building consists of three types of apartments: three-room, five-room, and seven-room apartments. It's also known that each room of each apartment has exactly one window. In other words, a three-room apartment has three windows, a five-room — five windows, and a seven-room — seven windows.</p><p>Monocarp went around the building and counted $$$n$$$ windows. Now he is wondering, how many apartments of each type the building may have.</p><p>Unfortunately, Monocarp only recently has learned to count, so he is asking you to help him to calculate the possible quantities of three-room, five-room, and seven-room apartments in the building that has $$$n$$$ windows. If there are multiple answers, you can print any of them.</p><p>Here are some examples:</p><ul> <li> if Monocarp has counted $$$30$$$ windows, there could have been $$$2$$$ three-room apartments, $$$2$$$ five-room apartments and $$$2$$$ seven-room apartments, since $$$2 \cdot 3 + 2 \cdot 5 + 2 \cdot 7 = 30$$$; </li><li> if Monocarp has counted $$$67$$$ windows, there could have been $$$7$$$ three-room apartments, $$$5$$$ five-room apartments and $$$3$$$ seven-room apartments, since $$$7 \cdot 3 + 5 \cdot 5 + 3 \cdot 7 = 67$$$; </li><li> if Monocarp has counted $$$4$$$ windows, he should have mistaken since no building with the aforementioned layout can have $$$4$$$ windows. </li></ul></div><div class="input-specification"><div class="section-title">Input</div><p>Th first line contains one integer $$$t$$$ ($$$1 \le t \le 1000$$$) — the number of test cases.</p><p>The only line of each test case contains one integer $$$n$$$ ($$$1 \le n \le 1000$$$) — the number of windows in the building.</p></div><div class="output-specification"><div class="section-title">Output</div><p>For each test case, if a building with the new layout and the given number of windows just can't exist, print $$$-1$$$.</p><p>Otherwise, print three non-negative integers — the possible number of three-room, five-room, and seven-room apartments. If there are multiple answers, print any of them.</p></div><div class="sample-tests"><div class="section-title">Example</div><div class="sample-test"><div class="input"><div class="title">Input<div title="Copy" data-clipboard-target="#id007944940490141683" id="id009345759592732114" class="input-output-copier">Copy</div></div><pre id="id007944940490141683">4
30
67
4
14
</pre></div><div class="output"><div class="title">Output<div title="Copy" data-clipboard-target="#id0013537729091272055" id="id008007652764624303" class="input-output-copier">Copy</div></div><pre id="id0013537729091272055">2 2 2
7 5 3
-1
0 0 2
</pre></div></div></div>